That with Konst it's a different thing.
I'll get rid of my last code here and I'll create a constant age 27.
What do you think will happen if I now had to run it's still 27 so that's not too surprising.
But what happens if I now set age to be 29.
What do you think we'll see in a console if hit and hit or run.
Well we'll get an error or that we're trying to assign to a constant variable cell.
This really is a variable in this case.
It's a constant.
It may not be changed therefore it's common to write it all uppercase to clearly show that this is a
constant.
And if we ever try to change it will we get an error because that is not possible a concept that you
find once and then it should keep its value.
Now what do you think will happen if I create an airy ages just here for example with 27 29 and 31.
And of course I can print age this year if I had to run.
Well we see the parade.
Now what do you think happens if I push the new value onto that array and then print it again like this
.
What do you think we'll see in the console.
Will we get an error while we see the original array.
And then we print a new array with 25 added to it.
Now that's certainly strange.
Didn't I say that a constant may not be changed later on but it seems like we did change it right.
Not really.
Remember that Aries as well as objects are referenced types.
This means what does this constant actually hold it doesn't hold those values.
It does hold a pointer to those values a pointer to this array.
The array is placed somewhere in memory and the variable or constant here only holds a pointer to that
space in memory.
Therefore we don't change to a constant We're not changing the point or we're not pointing to a new
object.
We're only changing the values to which a pointer points but that is totally valid.
We're not we're not hurting our constants here because again the constant value the pointer isn't changed
only the value in the background.
That's why we are able to manipulate this array.
And for the same reason we would all be able to change an object like let's say we have our constant
object which might look like this.
And here we have our age set to 27.
Now of course a print object here and there after all was printed down here.
There after all go to my object and change the age to be 30.
If I now had run we also see that the object was changed for the very same reason as the array.
It's a reference type.
The pointer isn't changed only the value.
I'm really stressing this because this is important to understand how constants work here and why you
are able to change the constant or to be precise to change the value of that constant.
If you are using what reference types because you're not really changing the value only the value to
which the pointer is pointing